Prepare release 0.5.4 (#427)
timescale/promscale_extension: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

## [0.5.4] - 2022-07-18

> Due to critical bug with extension upgrade to 0.5.3, we're skipping version 0.5.3 and incorporating the fix into 0.5.4. Images holding Promscale Extension 0.5.3 were purged from sources we have countrol over and we strongly advice anyone who managed to create such images to purge them for good.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Due to a critical bug in upgrading to 0.5.3, we're skipping version 0.5.3 and
incorporating the fix into 0.5.4. We have removed the build artifacts for
Promscale Extension 0.5.3. We strongly advise anyone who used the 0.5.3 tag in
our GitHub or DockerHub repositories to delete these artifacts.```

> Due to critical bug with extension upgrade to 0.5.3, we're skipping version 0.5.3 and incorporating the fix into 0.5.4. If you have installed 0.5.3 fresh you should have no isssue upgrading to 0.5.4. Upgrade paths to 0.5.3 are thus being removed. Images holding Promscale Extension 0.5.3 were purged from sources we have countrol over and we strongly advice anyone who managed to create such images to purge them for good.

Reviewer: Can you break this paragraph at 80 chars?

> If you have installed 0.5.3 fresh you should have no isssue upgrading to 0.5.4.

I'm not sure that this is true. As it is, there is no upgrade path from 0.5.3 to 0.5.4 (no `promscale--0.5.3--0.5.4.sql` file).

Author: Does it look better now?

Reviewer: Can you break the lines at 80 chars?
